#summary What has been changed?
#labels Featured

= Next release =

  _[Todo See Todo for changes still remaining before release]_


= 20080628 =

  * *Changes from TODO:*
    # Converting hub settings
      * *Special thanks to:*
        * Lightgirl_xp for supplying xml files.
        * Pothead for reporting bug.
      * DC++
      * DCDM
      * LDC
      * AirDC
      * BCDC
      * CrZDC
      * CZDC
      * fulDC
      * IceDC
      * RSX
      * StrongDC
      * StrongDC Lite
      * Zion Blue
      * zK

  * Support for encrypted connections *(Not for .Net Compact)*
      * Supports ADC0 in ADC hubs (This allows encrypted transfers between DC++ and FlowLib)
      * Supports a modified version of $ConnectToMe and $MyINFO.
            * {{{$ConnectToMe <RemoteNick> <SenderIp>:<SenderTLSPort>[S]|}}} S indicate secure connection and should only be sent from user a if user b also supports TLS, this is indicated in $MyINFO.
            * {{{$MyINFO $ALL <nick> <description>$ $<connection><flag>$<e-mail>$<sharesize>$|}}} flag value of: {{{0x10 = TLS (0x10 hex == 16 dec)}}} indicates support for tls

  * *Other changes:*
  * ADD		- Extendability for HubSetting
  * REMOVE	- IGuiHub and IGuiMain (Old stuff from FMDC)
  * CHANGE	- IProtocol and TcpConnectionListener now implements IUpdate
  * REMOVE	- IssueReportingGoogleCode from project file (files was never included in svn)
  * CHANGE	- DownloadCompleted, SegmentCompleted, SegmentStarted and SegmentCanceled now have Source as data. This is so you can know who performed the event. Note that Source  for DownloadCompleted is for user who toke the last segment. This doesn't mean that you downloaded all content from this user (if you haven't disabled segment downloading)
  * ADD		- Source to ITransfer and TransferRequest. This is so you can return downloaditems easy.
  * ADD		- StoreID to UserInfo and User. This is so we can save Sources and continue downloading where we started.
  * FIX		- User Tag parsing. Hub count and slot was always -1. (Thanks GhOstFaCE for reporting)
  * FIX		- Format Exception involved with user tag parsing.  (Thanks GhOstFaCE for reporting)
  * FIX		- Own hub count (always showed 0 before) (Thanks GhOstFaCE for reporting)
  * FIX		- Object disposed exception in TcpConnection
  * ADD		- Now updates MyINFO/INF by auto when hubcount or share has changed (Min MyINFO interval is 15 min)
  * FIX		- Out of range exception in Cancel (DownloadItem)
  * FIX		- ConnectToMe can now handle external ip.
  * FIX		- Lock and MyNick was sent multiple times sometimes (Nmdc Transfers).
  * CHANGE	- "V:" is now removed from PK in LOCK command (Nmdc Transfers).
  * FIX		- Fixed uploading (Didn't work when a client wanted to resume download)
  * ADD		- TransferManager now have a property called Requests.
  * FIX		- Shares converted from filelist do now have correct TotalSize, TotalCount,  HashedCount and HashedSize values.
  * FIX		- Bug where sources was not removed when downloaditem was.
  * FIX		- Some [http://www.mono-project.com mono] fixes
  * FIX		- Crash when receiving SCH and no Share was associated with hub (Adc protocol).
  * ADD		- A copy constructor for UserInfo and TagInfo. This way we can create a copy of the object.
  * FIX		- ADC client to client transfers.
  * FIX		- FlowLib is no longer marked as active if it is passive (ADC only).
  * FIX		- Support tag for client to client transfers (BZIP is added correctly, ADC only)
  * FIX		- [http://code.google.com/p/flowlib/issues/detail?id=9 Issue 9].
  * FIX		- Protocols wasnt disposed correctly. Implemented IDisposable to all Protocols.
  * CHANGE	- HubSettings.Protocol will be updated on Protocol change. 
  * FIX		- All Examples are up to date
  * CHANGE	- Not only CID, SID and IP are updated (All extendable info will be updated for user)




= 20080119 =

  * *Changes from TODO:*
    # Search for content
    # Receive search result
    # Adc Support
    # Add Valid flag to transfer messages and search messages. 

  * *Other changes:*
  * ADD		- Active and passive searching (Send/Receive). 
    # FlowLib will not respond with a directory if user is not just searching for directories.
  * FIX		- User Tag parsing. Hub count was always -1. (Thanks GhOstFaCE for reporting)
  * FIX		- Active Transfers, NullReference Exception (Thanks Sneaky for reporting)
  * CHANGE	- You now need to set transfer in Listening state on Actions.TransferStarted and set Event as Handled.
  * FIX		- When Transfer was Disconnected before finished downloading, ArgumentOutOfRange Exception
  * ADD		- Added a RemoveTransfer in TransferManager
  * FIX		- When DownloadItem is changed in Transfer. DownloadItemChanged event is triggered.
  * FIX		- ContentInfo wasnt saved correctly when saving Share
  * FIX		- We will now handle all messages not starting with $ as Mainchat Msg, NMDC. (Thanks Carraya for reporting)
  * CHANGE	- Removed Actions.UsersOnline. We now use Actions.UserOnline instead.  Releated to [http://code.google.com/p/flowlib/issues/detail?id=2 Issue 2]
  * CHANGE	- Removed Actions.OpUsers. We now use Actions.UserOnline or Actions.UserInfoChange. Releated to [http://code.google.com/p/flowlib/issues/detail?id=2 Issue 2]
  * FIX		- Parsing of NickList and OpList made list containing empty usernames.
  * CHANGE	- Actions.UserInfoChange now contains the updated UserInfo. Not only the changes as before.
  * CHANGE	- Actions.UserOffline now contains UserInfo related to User. This is so developers can disconnect transfers and so on.
  * REMOVE	- Removed IP, CID and SID properties from UserInfo. This is because they are not used in all protocols.
  * CHANGE	- Added extendability in UserInfo. It has Reserved names for IP, CID, SID and more. You can use it through Get, Set ,Add, Remove functions.
  * ADD		- Account property in UserInfo.
  * ADD		- Unknown fields in INF command in ADC protocol will be added to user.
  * ADD		- Added Actions.Banned and Actions.Redirect
  * UPDATE	- Updated year in license header for all files to 2008.
  * FIX		- XmlBz2 filelists not having files in it in latest dc++ (TTH tag was wrong)
  * FIX		- Share will now add ending \ to virtualdir if not present.
  * FIX		- Fixed a crash in XmlBz2 filelist creating if not all files was hashed
  * CHANGE	- Hub.StartTransfer has been removed. You should now use UpdateBase event and Actions.StartTransfer.
  * CHANGE	- ShareManager now has the same save/load behavior as Share.
  * ADD		- Adc 1.0 support has been implemented.
  * FIX		- TthThreaded, out of range exception. (Thanks Teobald for reporting. Thanks Carraya for submiting patch)
  * FIX		- ObjectDisposedException in TcpConnectionListener. (Thanks Carraya for reporting)
  * ADD		- Adc 1.0 standard filelist in AddCommonFilelistsToShare
  * ADD		- Adc 1.0 extension BZIP
  * CHANGE	- Update event has been moved from Hub object to IProtocol.
  * ADD		- Share now save/load port and other public properties.
  * CHANGE	- e.Data is now the old protocol(this can be null) on ProtocolChange. This is so you can unlisten on old protocols.
  * FIX		- HashContentInfo event now has ContentInfo as data.
  * ADD		- Download/Upload in ADC (Both 1.0 and 0.10)

= 20071222 =

  * NOTE - First release. Because all started from a project called FMDC we dont have any changelog for this version.